# Glossary:

[Glossary](01.requirements-engineering/glossary.md)

# Introduction:
## Purpose and Scope

The manual presented was developed with the aim of providing information on the usage of this application, built with the purpose of management and maintenance of green spaces and is mainly aimed at managers and administrators of green spaces, providing crucial information to ensure the safe and efficient functioning of these areas.

As a manager or administrator of green space, it is essential to understand the best practices to ensure  the proper functioning of the environments.

Throughout this document, the reader will find essential information on the usage of the application's features for the effective and efficient management of green spaces, from workforce management to maintenance of vehicles, regardless of the dimensions or characteristics of green space.

The usage of the features available in the application and presented in this manual can result in significant improvement in the quality of administration in green spaces, as, for example, managers can utilize them to quickly and easily oversee the day-to-day operations of the park's workforce as well as update the system's records to account for any new developments in the company's workforce, vehicle fleets, etc.

This manual's intended audience are green space managers of any sort who may have an interest in using the application's services in their labors: As such, it assumes some knowledge and familiarity of concepts related to green space management by the reader, such as vehicles used in a park's maintenance and the workforce necessary for the running of a green space. However, we believe it to be somewhat approachable and accessible to anyone with an interest in this field. 
# System Overview:
The Green Space Management application is a comprehensive solution designed to optimize the management and maintenance of green spaces, such as parks, gardens and recreational areas.

This application caters to and is built primarily for the use of various entities involved in green spaces management, including park administrators on any level of a hierarchy, and the workers and members of the park's staff. 

Each user role is equipped with specific tools and functionalities to fulfill their responsabilities effectively.

The Human Resources Manager (HRM) oversees workforce management, defining project teams based on project requirements and employee skills.

The Fleet Manager (FM) is responsible for maintaining and assigning vehicles, machines, and equipment for tasks.

Collaborators, employees of the organization, engage in design, construction, and maintenance activities for green areas.


# Features:

- 1. **Skills Registry** | Human Resources Manager

A park's human resources manager is capable of registering and recording different skills that a park worker or collaborator may have: Each skill requires only a name to exist.

- 2. **Job Creation** | Human Resources Manager

Similar to the previous feature, a human resources manager may also create various jobs that a collaborator may work on by simply creating a job title with a given name.

- 3. **Collaborator Registry** | Human Resources Manager

Upon admission, a human resources manager may register into the system the presence of a new collaborator. This registry requires some basic personal information, such as their name and ID, but crucially also required an assigned job, chosen from all previously registered jobs.

- 4. **Collaborator Skill Assignment** | Human Resources Manager

Given that a registered collaborator may acquire new skills over time, a human resources manager is capable of adding skills to the list of a collaborator's skills, with the skill in question being chosen from the pool of registered skills.

- 5. **Automatic Team Generation** | Human Resources Manager

With enough collaborators registered in the system, a human resources manager will be capable of creating teams that are automatically generated by the system to group these collaborators into. The formation of a team requires only information on the skills required for the team's labors, with which the system will generate automatic team proposals from the list of collaborators and their assigned skills.

- 6. **Vehicle Registry** | Fleet Manager

Upon the acquisition of such, a fleet manager may register into the system the existence of a new vehicle in the park's fleet, to which identification information such as the plate number, model, type, as well as technical information such as the gross weight and the tare is assigned.

- 7. **Vehicle Check-up Registry** | Fleet Manager

Vehicles undergo regular check-ups, and the information regarding these checkups, such as the vehicle that underwent such and their current kms during the checkup, can be registered into the system by a fleet manager.

- 8. **Listing Vehicles Needing Check-up** | Fleet Manager

Following the logic of the previous feature, a fleet manager may also wish to know which vehicles currently require a checkup. The system provides a feature with which a fleet manager may automatically be presented with a list of all vehicles in the park's fleet that are currently requiring a checkup.
